where is there anyone else miss Darren
is my bra Darren coming back one is
there is Darren happy to come back
understand I forgot
and desert isn't he in Turkey because on
problems
[Music]
all right hold on some of you know who
Darren is but some of you don't so let
me quickly explain CES theory was
originally started two years ago by Matt
Amara myself Thomas and Darren yet in
November of last year Darren moved back
to Canada and was originally supposed to
come back but things changed I'll
explain later in this episode why he
decided to leave but don't worry Darren
will forever be a part of the Asteria
and will occasionally continue to appear
in her videos but he just won't be a
permanent member anymore
now since he's been away for six months
he's got a lot of discomfort to catch up
on so since we were visiting Canada we
thought what could possibly throw Darren
back into yes theory and a better way to
get him to say yes to everything we
asked him to do for 24 hours
Darren knows we're gonna film something
today but he had absolutely no idea when
we had planned he looks a little
different
[Music]
am I getting a 200k
Wow no I'm stumped I'm not thinking
about you guys like we should spend the
whole day just teasing it yeah and by
the end Darrin is just insane okay hi
guys we're all of you who haven't seen
me in like six months
I came here to extend the permanent
residency and now I'm staying to get my
citizenship because Darrin has a Turkish
citizenship which is great but it's not
for travel yeah we make sure he gets a
Canadian one so he can travel and do
whatever you but then what happened to
your hair
I had a Britney moment we didn't know
like Darren called us one day and he
just said his shaved head so we tell
them what we're doing today so Darren um
you've been gone for a while uh-huh and
there's a lot of stuff to catch up on we
want you to say yes to everything we say
for 24 hours ready to catch up five
months of discomfort not happy that's
right you actually I'm just doing home
alone my biggest discomfort is just the
itching in my pajamas
yeah all right they're nice okay we're
trying to think how much can we change
your appearance and we can't do much
with your hair but at least we can ask
you do you want to shave your beard to
everything yeah I think it would be kind
of funny I love you too
oh wait it does I'll just look like this
all day long you look like a totally
different person yeah the conversation
started it's like what do you prefer
this or they sit through that are you
ready for number two I guess you tell me
so dare bear as you know Thomas and I
went Ireland a few months back yeah a
day we arrived getting windy rain waters
right there the bathrobe the towel
whether I should like go for it I would
[Music]
like a second time
how do you do drought of you yeah these
three months to do something with your
hair but we can't so we're thinking
maybe you want to wear wig all day
you'll enjoy
this would be perfect I think it's
perfect I've never had a hair too this
thick before so should we go get a
clothed makeover
are you gonna make it yes yes actually
gonna go get a proper makeover his
sweater he's had it for like ten years
we gotta we gotta get rid of we'll try
on a bit of everything we don't know yet
what they're into maybe I am an
Instagram influence around I don't even
know all right then look at all these
clothes try it all you like it it's a
bit like to like your style
I feel like cheeseburgers I use that you
know all right I feel very blonde right
now damn dude look pretty huh where's
your wig there now we have the look now
yeah Oh mix up making me look terrible
I'm making out great the reason why
we're doing this is because then is the
least interested in fashion we look out
for our boys so we got to make sure you
look good
hey well this is a much more pleasant
experience than you had cuz you a dress
I hate buying clothes dude don't do that
you'd have to cover it up on set tie it
geez anything no okay yeah just keep it
though I spit him around staring at us
like were the craziest people on the
entire planet like you guys did you lose
a bet no it's just what we do
Darrin doesn't know we're about to go to
the highest point in Toronto and we're
gonna be hanging him off the engine just
be careful here wait it's like a spa to
increase our chances of their not
finding out what it is putting a
headphones on with blasting music walk
to my voice hello hi I can't hear you
he thinks everybody touching him as a
new person Thanks there yes it's a sign
a wish
okay can I open my eyes yeah frigging hi
I'm doing the sky walk there I told you
wait
it's like a spa where do we walk through
all this nice
[Music]
step yeah it's gonna be very interesting
[Applause]
[Music]
then there's adrenaline then you know
put your wig back on yes what I have on
seems very standoffish people are either
too polite or they like I don't want to
interact with you it's perfect for our
next activity which I did stuff with
strangers and one of the things I did
was I said I love you yeah so you're
gonna find five strangers you're gonna
make deep eye contact in their eyes tell
them look at this
are you gonna pick your people or what
hello
like let's be careful you thought you
were like it's pretty easy with
Canadians like so far not a single
person has turned you down turned out
yeah one guy said not for your blog yeah
very much so
[Music]
you are the cook in the house but you've
left recently you generally really love
spicy food and you say does not affect
you so to put you to the test we decided
if you take you to the Armageddon job
breezy hot wing so we're gonna get not
so spicy when you'll get the extremely
spicy anything yes ma'am how does thing
yesterday your ought to suffer like
they've been really hard we just just
give up issues like I'm not glad
explain to their what's happened since
we've known each other and don't think
he doesn't stand up comedy around 8
o'clock doesn't open mic 8 oh my god
we're giving you 45 minutes
[Music]
number right now there's actually just
this like 60 yeah the high score is 54
wings
he's already - already got to get my
name up there guys
I can't close my mouth because the
convection is just making it worse is
everything there are you siblings
congratulations there 16 wings straight
to comedy baby whoa winner I'm really
proud of you there it's almost over I
promise ready already thing but barely
he's here on a bet so ladies gentlemen
make some noise but I think he's his
first time
Darrin everybody that's my first time
doing stand-up but I'm not too afraid to
bomb because that's not too bad what do
you look like jewelry just put another
notch on the belt a lot of people small
today they just don't want to say any
but kids give they're a whole different
breed they're like cool man what do I
have what do I have
Oh actually if I do this then you don't
see anything and I can totally do it to
face and you're sorry he likes no no
people and here's Bob he hates everyone
in drinks off in people's meals when he
wakes up it's the two friends including
the cameraman the entire time just put
their heads on the table
way to keep it going ladies gentlemen I
thank you so much thanks guys don't come
back not gonna happen it's just kind of
like oh god you were digging yourself
thanks for doing it there's like a
jacuzzi and our hotel and I think it
closes in 20 minutes if you want to try
to make it yes and the day and it was
like everything I loved that one day
feels like 40 in the projector yeah I
guess you do look like my long day time
for some jacuzzi
nothing better than a couple of dudes in
the jacuzzi cause one of the best days
ever yeah this was so [ __ ] yeah yeah
thank you for coming miss you guys so
much we have a little gift it's kind of
like an IOU oh yeah that's one ticket on
that sometimes yes somewhere in the
world like you were saying maybe in June
is the time you can leave Canada if
we're in LA or maybe we'll fly you out
to wherever we are in Europe and you'll
come meet us that's amazing the whole
adventure yeah good see you Debra
likewise say goodbye to people who
haven't seen you in six months
Oh bye I'll see you some other time I
guess I just want to say even though I
won't be as involved with the SCA in the
future I will still be pursuing its
philosophy of reading and and if you
want to follow what I'll be doing in the
future you can just follow me on my
Instagram at Bobby Darin where I'll
probably be posting stuff that will be
about what I do that was up all night
creating a website that is half working
I'm really excited to share it with you
you can see it from my Instagram that I
will be linking the necessary channel
good morning or good night wherever you
are
[Music]
you